Check broken links (#1354)
ocaml/v3.ocaml.org: data/changelog/odoc/2021-10-06-odoc-2.0.0.md

Hot on the heels of the OCaml 4.13 announcement(s!), the `odoc` team is pleased to announce the release of `odoc 2.0.0`!

*tl;dr:*

> The new version produces [much better output](https://ocaml-doc.github.io/odoc-examples/core_kernel/Core_kernel/Bigbuffer/index.html) than [the old version](https://ocaml.janestreet.com/ocaml-core/latest/doc/core_kernel/Core_kernel/Bigbuffer/index.html - [404 Not Found]), it's the engine at the core of the package docs in [v3.ocaml.org](https://v3.ocaml.org/packages), and it also has a [new website](https://ocaml.github.io/odoc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new version produces [much better output](https://ocaml-doc.github.io/odoc-examples/core_kernel/Core_kernel/index.html) than [the old version](https://v3.ocaml.org/p/core_kernel/v0.15.0), it's the engine at the core of the package docs in [v3.ocaml.org](https://v3.ocaml.org/packages), and it also has a [new website](https://ocaml.github.io/odoc).
```
Although the first link didn't show a 404 error in this bot review, it was broken when I tried to go to it. This suggested link worked.

Second link: Jane Street has a note that their docs moved to the v3 site

Reviewer 2: This is about comparing output of odoc, it doesn't make sense to new locations of pages that look different.

I'm placing links to the Internet Archive Wayback Machine.

```suggestion
The new version produces [much better output](https://web.archive.org/web/20230602055728/https://ocaml-doc.github.io/odoc-examples/core_kernel/Core_kernel/Bigbuffer/index.html) than [the old version](https://web.archive.org/web/20211206000203/https://ocaml.janestreet.com/ocaml-core/latest/doc/core_kernel/Core_kernel/Bigbuffer/index.html), it's the engine at the core of the package docs in [v3.ocaml.org](https://v3.ocaml.org/packages), and it also has a [new website](https://ocaml.github.io/odoc).
```

## New Website

> The website for `odoc` has been improved with guides for [documentation authors](https://ocaml.github.io/odoc/odoc_for_authors.html), [integrators](https://ocaml.github.io/odoc/driver.html), and [contributors](https://ocaml.github.io/odoc/contributors.html - [404 Not Found]). This site is intended to grow over time with more content to help people write docs for their packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The website for `odoc` has been improved with guides for [documentation authors](https://ocaml.github.io/odoc/odoc_for_authors.html), [integrators](https://ocaml.github.io/odoc/driver.html), and [contributors](https://ocaml.github.io/odoc/contributing.html). This site is intended to grow over time with more content to help people write docs for their packages.
```

many others have more patchy docs. Let's fix that!

> We're also looking for more contributors to `odoc`. It's much improved now, but there's still [plenty more to do](https://github.org/ocaml/odoc/issues - [1 Client error: SSL peer certificate or SSH remote key was not OK]). Come and join the fun!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're also looking for more contributors to `odoc`. It's much improved now, but there's still [plenty more to do](https://ocaml.github.io/odoc/contributing.html). Come and join the fun!
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We're also looking for more contributors to `odoc`. It's much improved now, but there's still [plenty more to do](https://github.com/ocaml/odoc/issues). Come and join the fun!
```
